.. image:: /images/AC_Aviation_Logo.jpg
           :scale: 100 %
           :alt: AC Aviation Logo
           :align: center

==============
 Introduction
==============

Information
===========

.. Note:: Throughout this Aircraft Flexible Maintenance Schedule where
          Hawker 800XP is referenced, the designation of Hawker 850XP
          equally applies.

.. Note:: The airplane illustrations throughout this Aircraft Flexible
          Maintenance Schedule may appear without winglets. These
          illustrations also apply to airplanes equipped with
          winglets, even though the winglets are not shown.

A. General
----------

It shall be the responsibility of AC AVIATION company to ensure that
the latest revision of the publications referenced in this schedule
are utilized during operation, servicing and maintenance of the
airplane.

B. Warnings, Cautions and Notes
-------------------------------

.. WARNING:: Brings attention to an operating procedure, inspection or
             maintenance practice, which if not correctly followed,
             could result in personal injury or loss of life.

.. CAUTION:: Brings attention to an operating procedure, inspection,
             repair or maintenance condition, which if not strictly
             observed, could result in damage or destruction of
             equipment.

.. NOTE:: Brings attention to an operating procedure, inspection,
          repair or maintenance condition, which is essential to
          highlight.

C. Special Conditions Cautionary Notice
---------------------------------------

Airplanes operated for Air Taxi, or other than normal operation, and
airplanes operated in humid tropics, cold and damp climates, etc., may
need more frequent inspections for wear, corrosion and/or lack of
lubrication. Under these adverse conditions, perform periodic
inspections in compliance with this guide at more frequent intervals
until the owner or operator can set his own inspection periods based
on the contingencies of field experience.

.. Caution:: The recommended periods do not constitute a guarantee the
             item will reach the period without malfunction as the
             aforementioned factors cannot be controlled by the
             manufacturer.

D. Schedule Layout
------------------

Title page
++++++++++

A Title page is located at the beginning of the schedule and provides
the part number of the schedule, and instruction data. Information
throughout this schedule is applicable to all models listed on the
title page except where specifically stated.

The printed schedule will have a Record of Revisions page. The Record
of Revisions is provided following the Current LOEP List. When a
revision is inserted, the revision number, the date the revision is
inserted into the schedule, and the initials of the person(s)
inserting the revision should be recorded on this page and in the
Section 1 (1.4 Record Of Revision)

ATA Task Codes
++++++++++++++

This section lists the individual tasks contained in the schedule in
ATA order.

E. How To Use The Schedule
--------------------------

The intent of this Maintenance Program is to provide AC AVIATION
Company with the option of selecting the maintenance plan best suited
to their own flying schedule. The charts shown in Figure 1 and Figure
2 are used in selecting the inspection method chosen.

.. Note:: For composition of schedules and breakdown refer to
          paragraphs 3 and 4.


It is the responsibility of AC AVIATION Company, those subsequent
maintenance recommendations, including airworthiness information
promulgated in Service Bulletins, Service Letters, etc., issued by the
constructors and vendors should be evaluated and, where appropriate,
should be incorporated in this Schedule by the approved amendment
procedures.

The requirements of this Schedule shall normally be implemented at or
before the periods specified. Extensions to prescribed periods are
subject to agreement with the CAAT and should be made only when the
periods cannot be complied with due to circumstances which could not
have been reasonably foreseen by AC AVIATION Company or by AC AVIATION
Companyâ€™ contracted Maintenance Organization.

Maintenance Start Data
++++++++++++++++++++++


All the tasks in the Out of Phase, Component Requirements and
Airworthiness Limitations Document (ALD) are calculated as starting
from the date of original certification (issuance of original standard
airworthiness certificate) or from component installation during
completion. CAAT or applicable regulatory required inspections and
maintenance must be done in accordance with specific regulatory
requirements. All Hawker Beechcraft Corporation recommended
inspections, maintenance and servicing shall be based on the date of
release for service following aircraft completion. These statements
are not applicable to the airplane engines or the APU, which must be
maintained in accordance with their own manufacturers, recommended or
required maintenance instructions.

The airplane must be maintained in accordance with the Maintenance
Schedule based on original certification during completion. Both a 400
hour Detailed Walk-Around Inspection and 12 month (E Inspection) are
required at the time of completion if the difference between the date
of original certification and completion is more than six months or if
the airplane has more than 50 hours total flight time.

Any variation to the inspection must be approved by CAAT.

.. Note:: The requirements referred to in this Maintenance Schedule
          are applicable to equipment installed to Hawker Beechcraft
          Corporation and Hawker Beechcraft Corporation Completion
          Center approved modifications. For airplanes with equipment
          installed to any other FAA approved modifications refer, to
          that particular Design Authority responsible for the
          installation. Refer to the relevant Vendor Publication for
          any Servicing/Maintenance instructions which are not
          specifically defined in this schedule.

Factory Aircraft Comprehensive Tracking System (FACTS) program is the
factory authorized computerized maintenance tracking and forecasting
system that adheres to the guideline established in this maintenance
schedule.

Periods And Tolerances
======================

A. General Instructions
-----------------------

(1) Flying Times
      All periods quoted in the Schedule in 'flying hours'
      are based on flight (take-off to touch-down) times. Where, due to
      airport congestion, block (chock-to-chock) times exceed flight
      times by an average of more than 20 per cent, corresponding
      adjustments should be made to the overhaul periods of selected
      components such as starter/generators, hydraulic pumps and cut-out
      valves.

(2) Fatigue Lives and Mandatory Limitations
      ALL registered airplanes must comply with the requirements of CAAT

      All other life limitations classified as mandatory by the
      constructor/manufacturer must also be observed unless varied by
      CAAT.

      The Structural Inspection frequencies quoted in this Schedule are
      based on a set of assumed typical operating conditions. These
      assumptions take into account the experience obtained in service
      with the earlier variants of airplanes together with the enhanced
      capabilities of the Hawker 800XP Aircraft.

      The projected utilization has been described in the form of Flight
      Plans or Mission Profiles; whilst these have been invested with a
      degree of conservatism it is not possible for AC AVIATION Company
      to make sure that they will cover every airplane in service.


      Should the actual utilization differ significantly from the
      assumed mission profiles then due allowance must be made for the
      effects on the structural damage tolerance and fatigue
      characteristics and, hence, the inspection and replacement
      schedules.

      For the purposes of compiling the Structural Inspection
      frequencies the typical mission profiles allow for:

      * One cabin pressurization to full differential (8.55 psi).

      * One full cycle of flap operation (take-off and landing).

      * One full undercarriage cycle including braked, full stop landing per
        flight where a flight is defined as a single completed take-off and
        landing sequence. Touch and go landings, or rollers, are considered to
        be equivalent to full stop landings for maintenance purposes.

      It is also assumed that the majority of flights are at altitudes of
      25,000 feet and above using normal climb and descent procedures, with
      an allowance for flights at lower altitudes. The rate of fatigue
      damage to the structure could be greater than predicted for the
      assumed typical utilization if more than 30% of the flights involve
      cruises at altitudes below 15,000 feet or if less than 70% of the
      flights involve cruises at or above 25,000 feet.

      The assumed typical block time for average flights is 1.5
      hours. Fatigue damage per flight could be increased if on average,
      more than 70% of flights are of a longer duration.

      If AC AVIATION Company finds that the utilization of their aircraft
      differ from the average conditions outlined above should contact
      Hawker Beechcraft Corporation for guidance.

      In order to fully describe AC AVIATION Company particular usage of our
      airplane the following information is required:

        (a) Stage length and block time
        (b) Climb time and speed
        (c) Cruise time, altitude and speed
        (d) Descent time and speed

        (e) Stand-off time, altitude and speed

        (f) Number of pressurizations and differential

        (g) Number of flap operation cycles

        (h) Number of undercarriage operation cycles

        (i) Number of missed approaches

        (j) Number of touch-and-go landings (rollers)

        (k) Taxi time (pre- and post-flight)

        (l) Typical zero fuel weight

        (m) Typical landing weight

        (n) Percentage of total flights flown to this mission profile.


      .. Note:: If the airplane carries out widely differing types of
        operation these should be divided into groups of similar
        profiles each of which require the above data.

      Other general information to be advised as follows:

         (o) Airplane registration
         (p) Airplane serial number
         (q) Airplane series
         (r) Total flying hours and landings (including touch-and-go landings)
         (s) Hours and landings flown in the described flight profile(s)
         (t) Geographical disposition of operations.


    (3) Overhaul Periods - Radio and Radar Equipment
        Subject to negotiation with the CAAT, radio and radar equipment listed
        in the servicing of this Maintenance Schedule may be maintained on an
        "On Condition" basis.

    (4) Date Marking of Equipment
        Equipment which is required to be date marked after inspection or
        re-test to comply with this Schedule, should be re-marked with the
        date at which the next inspection or test is due.

B. Tolerances
-------------

Each inspection has a period for accomplishment, that period is the
tolerance window. A tolerance window is defined as the period that an
inspection may be accomplished, and does not change the next due
time. The tolerance window for each inspection is specified in
paragraph 4.A.

However AC AVIATION Company will never use these Tolerances unless
otherwise approved by CAAT in the time-by-time of inspections.

C. Structural Inspection and Out of Phase Inspection Tolerances
---------------------------------------------------------------

.. image:: /images/AMP/Structural_Inspection_Tolerances.png
           :scale: 50%
           :alt: Structural_Inspection_Tolerances
           :align: center

.. Note:: Subsequent periodic requirements must be accomplished based
          on the original cycle or actual completion Hour/Date/Cycles,
          whichever is the more restrictive.

.. Note:: These tolerance periods DO NOT apply to Chapter 49 items
          that are controlled by APU running hours. Note: These
          tolerance periods DO NOT apply to Part 2, Routine
          Inspections.

.. Note:: These tolerance periods DO NOT apply to Component
          Requirements and Mandatory Lives.

Composition Of Schedule And Task Numbering
==========================================

A. Composition of Schedule
--------------------------

The Schedule is composed of nine parts, namely:

Part 1...Minor inspections (Pre-Flight, Post Flight, 200 and 400 Hour
Lubrication and 400 Hour Detailed Walk- Around Inspection).

.. Note:: Pre-Flight and Post Flight inspections are covered in the
          Hawker 800XP Ground Handling Checklist P/N 140-590032-0025.

.. Note:: Reference is also made in Part 1 to Engine, APU, Thrust
          Reverser and Airbrake Selector Lever Baulk Inspections.



Part 2...Routine Inspections (Inspection "B", Inspection "C",
Inspection "D", Inspection "E", Inspection "F" and Inspection "G").

Part 3...Structural Inspections.

Part 4...Out of Phase Inspections. Part 5...Special Incident
Inspections. Part 6...Panel Location Charts.

Part 7...Lubrication.

Part 8...Component Requirements. Part 9...Mandatory Life Limitations

B. Task Numbering
-----------------

Each individual task within parts 1, 2, 3 and 4 has its own unique
task number, consisting of six digits. The first two digits relate
directly to the ATA chapter number and the last four digits relate to
the task, e.g. 270025 is the 25th task in Chapter 27, Flight Controls.

For recording requirements each minor and routine inspection period
has a unique ATA Chapter 05 code number Area inspections within the
routine inspections are also given a unique code number. These are
05**** numbers and will follow the unique number allocated to the
inspection, e.g. the inspection number for Inspection B3 is 050140,
therefore the area inspection number will be 050141.

The first page of each group of routine inspections consists of the
following:

* The relevant inspection title (e.g. Inspection "B3")

* The unique code number mentioned above (e.g. 050140)

* List of Effective Pages

* Instructional Data Block

* Completion of Inspection Block

Inspection Periods
==================


.. Note:: If an inspection is done within the tolerance window, the
          time when the inspection is next due is not changed.

.. Note:: Minor Inspections that are divided into individual task
          codes so they can be used for scheduling and tracking, can
          be phased similar to Part 2. Routine Inspections, providing
          each task does not exceed the inspection period or tolerance
          window, (Example: If Item J. Rear Equipment Bay inspection
          in the 400 Hour Detailed Walk-Around has a task code
          assigned then the entire "Item J" could be scheduled and
          completed at the same time as "Inspection B7 - Rear
          Equipment Bay and Rear Fuselage inspection").

A. General
----------

Firstly AC AVIATION Company Limited have chosen to complied with the
un-phased inspection method and may be change to the Phased formatting
in the future for fit with the Aircraft fleet mission.

* 200 Hour lubrication - 200 flying hour interval with 50 flying hour
  tolerance window (191 to 240).

* 400 Hour lubrication - 400 flying hour interval with 50 flying hour
  tolerance window (391 to 440).

* 400 Hour Detailed Walk-Around inspection has a 400 flying hour
  interval with a 50 flying hour tolerance window (391 to 440).

* Airbrake Selector Lever Baulk inspection has a 400 flying hour
  interval with a 50 flying hour tolerance window (391 to 440).

**When an inspection group is not phased:**


* Inspection group "B" has a 800 flying hour interval with a 50 flying
  hour tolerance window (791 to 840).

* Inspection group "C" has a 1600 flying hour interval with a 100
  flying hour tolerance window (1551 to 1650).

* Inspection group "D" has a 3200 flying hour interval with a 200
  flying hour tolerance window (3151 to 3350).

* Inspection group "E" has a 12 month interval with a +/-1 calendar
  month tolerance window (11 month to 13 month).

* Inspection group "F" has a 24 month interval with a +/-2 calendar
  month tolerance window (22 month to 26 month).

* Inspection "G" has a 48 month interval with a +/-2 calendar month
  tolerance window (46 month to 50 month).

* When a task or inspection item in an inspection is started, the
  airplane MUST NOT be flown until the task or inspection item is
  completed and the aircraft has been approved for return to service
  in accordance with the requirements of the CAAT.

.. Note:: Assure that the task or inspection item performed is signed
          off in such a manner that clearly indicates when the
          inspection tasks are completed.

* Multiple inspections (e.g. B1 through B12) may be accomplished
  within the same tolerance window, however each inspection is
  individually tracked.

* Each inspection remains current, when completed, until, at a
  maximum, the last day or flying hour of the next allocated period
  for the identical inspection.

* Never exceed the allowed inspection window for a task when changing
  formats from phased to un-phased; or from un-phased to phased.

B. There is no Inspection group A
---------------------------------

Instead, there is a 400 Hour Detailed Walk- Around inspection.


C. The breakdown of Inspection
------------------------------

Groups "B", "C", "D", "E" and "F" and the areas dealt with in the
inspections are listed below.

.. image:: /images/AMP/Breakdown_Inspections.png
           :scale: 35%
           :alt: Breakdown_Inspections
           :align: center

D. Flexible Maintenance Charts (Figure 1. and Figure 2)
-------------------------------------------------------

The charts layout the inspections in hours (Figure 1) and months
(Figure 2) with 12 columns for Inspection groups "B", "C", "D", "E"
and "F". Inspection "G" only has one column. For the conventional
inspection method an X would be placed in each column at the interval
for that inspection, refer to Introduction - Appendix Chart 1 (Sheets
1 and 2) for example. This would be done for each of the six
inspections, B through G.

The flexible or progressive inspection method uses the same charts
with X's placed in each column at the time selected. The X represents
that time when each inspection would be done. Appendix Chart 2 (Sheets
1 to 4) show one example of this method.


.. Note:: The charts are designed to provide maximum flexibility such
          as doing any individual B through F inspection in a packaged
          method, while doing other inspections at one time. An
          example of this would be to do Inspection groups B and C in
          packages and all other inspections at one time.

.. Note:: The appendix charts are provided as examples of the most
          commonly used inspection methods.

D. The inspections contained in the Schedule are to be completed in accordance with the following instructions
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. image:: /images/AMP/Inspection_Instructions.png
           :scale: 50%
           :alt: Inspection_Instructions
           :align: center

F. Sign Off Requirements
------------------------

.. Note:: The sign off requirements are based upon the method of
          scheduled maintenance accomplishment.

*When an inspection group is NOT phased*

* Each inspection must be accomplished, but only the top level form
  requires completion.

* No inspection sign off is required.


*When an inspection group is phased*

* Each inspection must be signed off as a top-level inspection. Each
  inspection is then tracked with the appropriate interval.

* No overall top level sign off is required.

Continued Airworthiness Requirements
====================================

AC AVIATION Company should institute a system for the assessment of
continuing airworthiness information. This information will originate
from the Responsible Authority of the State of Manufacture in the form
of Airworthiness Directives (or documents of comparable intent) and
from the constructor/manufacturer in the form of Service Bulletins,
Letters, Safety Communiques, Information Leaflets etc. resulting from
In-Service experience.

AC AVIATION Company should add items to this Schedule to cover their
special installations or equipment, and to make provision for any
regulation, national or local, in force at the time.

Nothing in this Schedule is to be construed as absolving persons
employed in the implementation of the requirements of this Schedule
from making sure that the airplane is, at all times, maintained in an
airworthy condition. Any damage or defect affecting the safety of the
airplane must be rectified before the airplane flies again.

Compliance with the mandatory requirements of the Responsible
Authority of the country of origin must be achieved.

When referring to all parts within the Schedule the Operator should
use only those items relevant to his own airplane and disregard all
other items.

Continuing Airworthiness and other Service Information must be
continuously evaluated AC AVIATION Company or his contracted
maintenance organization and, where necessary, appropriate action must
be taken to amend the Maintenance Schedule.

A. At each periodic inspection the depth of inspection must:
------------------------------------------------------------

(1) Be of a degree sufficient to make sure that the items to be
    inspected will remain serviceable until the next higher period for
    inspection becomes due.

(2) Make sure that at the time of the inspection items are free from
    any defects likely to affect airworthiness. The inspections made
    to assure this must comply with the minimum standards set out
    hereunder, having regard to the material from which the item is
    made and applying the appropriate standards wherever possible.


.. Note:: In general, when dismantling and access is known to be
          required by this Schedule, this is stated against the item
          concerned.

.. Note:: Due to different equipment fits between airplanes and in
          order to achieve a satisfactory exposure of the area/item to
          be inspected, it may be necessary to displace/remove other
          items, (e.g. electrical cables, piping, fittings etc.) which
          are not stated in the Schedule.

.. Note:: Access requirements quoted are minimum requirements and
          further dismantling of an item, group or assembly may be
          considered essential by the Chief Inspector or a Licensed
          Aircraft Maintenance Engineer in order to assure
          airworthiness.

.. Note:: Structure is to be sufficiently clean to enable an effective
          inspection to be done.

B. A series of standard terms are used throughout the schedule to indicate the inspection requirements. Their interpretations are as follows:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1) Area Inspection... A visual inspection of the area using the
    inspection criteria as detailed in paragraph 6.C. for all items of
    equipment in the area relating to the trade disciplines listed and
    access quoted. The depth of the area inspection is determined by
    the degree of access specified for the particular inspection
    period and the structure rendered visible at that time.

(2) Satisfactory Condition... A general visual inspection for signs of
    damage, cleanliness, security of attachment and visible
    connections, locking and bonding.


(4) Detail Inspect... An intensive visual examination of a specific
    structural area, system, installation or assembly to detect
    damage, failure or irregularity. Available lighting is normally
    supplemented with a direct source of good lighting at intensity
    deemed appropriate by the inspector. Inspection aids such as a
    mirror, magnifying lenses, etc. or an approved NDT technique may
    be used. A 10X Lighted Magnifier should be used to inspect all
    instances of suspected wire damage. All wire related conditions
    should be reported using the ATA spec 100, code 97-xx-xx
    format. Surface cleaning and elaborate access procedures may be
    required.

(5) Check... Make a comparison of a measurement of time, pressure,
    temperature, resistance, dimension or quantity with a known figure
    for that measurement.

(6) Test... The component to be tested may be removed from the
    airplane or checked in situ. All the work is to be done in
    accordance with the data contained in the relevant Vendor
    Maintenance Manual.

(7) Functional Test... Make sure, by use of test equipment if
    necessary, that a complete system functions correctly. (8)
    Operational Test... Make sure, by use of test equipment if
    necessary, that a component within a system OR part

of a system operates correctly.

(9) Detailed Walk-Around Inspection... This inspection is to be a
    thorough visual inspection of the airplane which does not require
    removal of access panels, use of specialized tools or
    equipment. Lighting and cleanliness is to be adequate to detect
    damage, failure or irregularity. Suspect conditions requiring
    additional investigation are to be treated as defined in "Detail
    Inspect" (Ref. Paragraph (4)).


C. The inspection criteria are:
-------------------------------

(1) Metal parts: e.g. applicable to all metal parts, bodies or casings
    of units in systems and in electrical, instrument and radio
    installations, metal pipes, ducting, tubes, rods, levers.

    (a) Inspect for:

    Cleanliness, external signs of damage, leaks, overheating or
    discharge. Fluid ingress. Obstruction of drainage or vent holes or
    overflow pipe orifices. Correct seating and sealing of fairings and
    serviceability of fasteners. Security of attachment, fasteners,
    connections, locking and bonding.

    (b) Freedom from:

    Distortion, dents, scores, chafing, pulled or missing fasteners,
    rivets, bolts, screws. Signs of cracks and wear. Separation of
    bond. Failure of welds and spot welds. Deterioration of protective
    treatment, and signs of corrosion.

(2) Rubber, Fabric, Fibre Glass and Plastic Parts e.g. coverings,
    ducting, flexible pipes, flexible mountings, seals, heater muffs,
    windows etc.:

    (a) Inspect for:

    Cleanliness, cracks, cuts, chafing, kinking, twisting, crushing,
    contraction - sufficient free length. Deterioration. Crazing. Loss of
    flexibility (other than fabric covered component), overheating. Fluid
    soakage.

    Security of attachment (supports, packing and electrical bonding
    correctly positioned, serviceable and secure) connections and locking.

(3) Control system components:

    (a) Inspect for:

    Correct alignment - no fouling. Free movement. Distortion. Signs of
    bowing. Scores. Chafing. Fraying. Kinking. Signs of
    wear. Flattening. Cracks. Loose rivets. Deterioration of protective
    treatment and signs of corrosion. Electrical bonding correctly
    positioned, undamaged and secure. Attachments, end connections and
    locking secure.

.. Note:: Free movement should be established at extreme ranges of
          travel with full trim applied.

.. Note:: Full travel of the rudder circuit should be confirmed with
          the pedals at the full forward and full aft adjustment
          positions.

(4) Electrical Motors, Alternators, Generators and Actuators:

    (a) Inspect for:

    Cleanliness, obvious damage, signs of overheating, signs of
    corrosion and security of attachments and connections. If
    protective covers are required to be removed: cleanliness,
    scoring, pitting, brushes free in holders, not excessively worn
    and correct bedding. Adequate spring tension. Overheating. Fluid
    ingress.

(5) Relays, Solenoids and Contactors:

    Inspect for:

    Cleanliness, obvious damage, signs of overheating, signs of
    corrosion and security of attachments and connections. If
    protective covers are required to be removed: cleanliness, pitting
    or burning of contacts, signs of overheating and security of
    contacts exposed.

(6) Markings, notices, frequency charts, compass corrector cards,
    warning and caution labels, placards:

 (a) Inspect for:

    Legibility and security of attachment.

.. Note:: Any other inspection or work requirement not covered by the
          above standards is specifically written into the Schedule.


(7) Electrical Wiring, Cables and Looms:

    (a) Detail Inspect for:

    Criteria contained in AMM 125/H-20 Chapter 20 - Standard
    Practices - Airframe, 20-10-50, Wiring Procedures and Repair.

(8) Structural Inspection

    (a) Detail inspect lap joints, butt straps, stringers, frames,
        bulkheads, ribs, longerons and skins for:

        Lack of adhesion of the paint or sealant. This could indicate the
        presence of surface corrosion under the paint film or sealant.

        Bubbles or eruption of the paint film or sealant. This condition
        could indicate local pockets of corrosion and it is important to
        ascertain, beyond reasonable doubt, that any bubble or eruption
        found is a build up of paint or sealant and not a build up of
        corrosion product. If any doubt exists the bubble or eruption
        should be broken, the area cleaned up and, if satisfactory, the
        treatment restored.

        Signs of corrosion on the edge of any member where it joins the
        skin. If corrosion is found the suspect area of the joint must be
        cleaned of all paint. Where corrosion is confirmed and it
        penetrates between the faying surfaces of the joint, the affected
        area must be visually examined by removing bolts or rivets to
        check the extent of corrosion and to assist in repair.

        Any signs of possible cracking or corrosion is to be stripped of
        paint and inspected further using dye penetrant.

    (b) Non Destructive Testing (NDT).

        Where it is considered that a visual inspection is not possible
        due to the nature of the structure, or an excessive amount of
        dismantling would be necessary, examination by X-ray or other
        methods of non-destructive testing in accordance with the approved
        techniques is used as the inspection medium. The techniques are
        contained within the Non-destructive Testing Manual.


D. Maintenance Practices and Procedures
---------------------------------------

Practices and procedures necessary to complete the requirements of
this Maintenance Schedule or work resulting from its application
should be, as a minimum, to the standard recommended in:

  (1) The relevant Maintenance, Overhaul and Repair Manuals.

  (2) The requirements of the Airworthiness Authority.


E. All Vital Points and Control Systems
---------------------------------------

Whenever inspections are made or work is undertaken on vital
points, flying or engine control systems, a detailed investigation
must be made on completion of the task to make sure that all tools,
rags or any other loose articles which could impede the free
movement and safe operation of the system(s) have been removed, and
that the systems and installation in the work area are clean and
unobstructed.

If, as a result of the application of this Schedule, any part of
either the main or any associated system is dismantled, adjusted,
repaired or renewed, that part of the system(s) which has been
disturbed shall be subjected to a duplicate inspection, with free
movement, range, direction and tension checks and shall be
certified in accordance with the requirements of CAAT.


F. Wear Limits on All Flying Control and Engine Control Cables
--------------------------------------------------------------

 Whenever flying control or engine control cables are required to be
 inspected in accordance with this Maintenance Schedule, the following
 wear limits apply:

(1) Significant wear on outer wires but obviously less than 50% of
    individual wire cross section and with individual wires clearly
    separated can be considered as acceptable.

(2) Wear on outer wires at 50% or more, usually indicated by
    difficulty in distinguishing individual wires, and wear area
    embracing 6 consecutive wires, raise and carry forward for
    repeat inspection at not more than 300 flying hour periods.

(3) Wear on outer wires at 50% or more and not more than 3 broken
    wires at any wear position - change within 30 flying hours.(4)
    Wear or damage in excess of para. (3) - change cable.

(5) Where the possibility of failed wires bunching around pulleys
    etc. can occur, the cable must be changed, irrespective of the
    extent of any other damage.

(6) On sleeved cables, up to 50% wear of the sleeve thickness is
    acceptable. To clarify a difference in terminology, "Swaged
    tubes" and "Sleeved cables" are physically the same thing.


G. Fuel System Contamination Checks
-----------------------------------

If, as a result of the application of this Maintenance Schedule any
part of the system is dismantled, adjusted, modified, repaired or
renewed, the systems shall, after completion of the work, be tested
to establish the correct operation of the system.

The following checks must be made to establish that the fuel
systems are free from contamination.

  (1) Fuel system water drain checks are to be performed at periods
      not exceeding 24 hours elapsed time.


  (2) AC AVIATION Company must be satisfied with the quality of all

      fuel taken on board his airplane, specially in respect of

      contamination with water, and monitor the suppliers quality

      performance.

H. Portable Valise Type Liferafts
---------------------------------

At the appropriate Overhaul period ten percent of all liferafts
installed in fleets using a system bottle and release mechanism are to
be inflated and tested. Make sure that deployment and inflation is
satisfactory.

SCHEDULE FORMAT
===============

A. Minor and Routine Inspections
--------------------------------

The requirements of the Minor and Routine Inspections are divided into
airplane areas, system and component requirements:

  (1) Area Inspections

      The area inspections require a visual inspection of the area using
      the inspection criteria as detailed in paragraph 6.C. for all items
      of equipment in the area relating to the trade disciplines listed
      and access quoted. The depth of the area inspection is determined by
      the degree of access specified for the particular inspection period
      and the structure rendered visible at that time.

  (2) System and Components Requirements.

      These sub-sections give the inspection and servicing requirements of
      specific systems and components at the inspection period under
      consideration. The requirements are laid out in ATA 100 chapter
      order.

      System functional tests are given at the beginning of each
      Inspection and are presented in ATA 100 chapter order. When a
      requirement in this Schedule refers to an AMM sub-paragraph or
      specific step(s) then all relevant warnings, cautions and
      preparatory procedures must be observed.

      Overhaul periods, servicing and bench tests for non-RAC manufactured
      components are governed by the maintenance manuals of the respective
      manufacturers. Where possible, to aid Operators with their
      inspection of these components, the Aircraft Maintenance Manual is
      used as a reference for removal and installation.


B. Structural Inspections
-------------------------

The Structural Inspectionqs are also divided into airplane areas, with each area containing the inspection requirements and "Not exceed" periods for specific structural parts. The degree of access required is stipulated for each inspection requirement.

C. Out of Phase Inspections
---------------------------

The Out of Phase Inspections are presented in ATA 100 chapter
order. The "Not exceed" period for the inspection(s) are stated in the
individual tasks.

D. Special Incident Inspections
-------------------------------

This Part contains the special inspections considered necessary if the
airplane has been subjected to abnormal stresses or climatic
conditions in flight, or during landing.

E. Panel Location Charts
------------------------

The charts contained within this Part illustrate the location of
panels which may be required to be removed or opened during airplane
servicing.

F. Lubrication
--------------

Details of routine lubrication and types of lubricants used are
detailed in the text and illustrations contained within this Part. The
AMM references of the lubricants used for general lubrication,
together with a system of codes denoting lubrication periods, are
tabulated in the Introduction at the beginning of the Part. The AMM
references of special purpose lubricants used for specific
applications are included in the relevant text and illustrations.

G. Component Requirements
-------------------------

Listed within this part are components or assemblies which are subject
to hard-time overhaul periods, bench tests or replacement out of phase
with the airplane servicing periods. The consolidated list is given
under system headings in ATA 100 chapter order, and includes Part
Nos. and the names of the manufacturers.

Where the part number of a component is followed by an asterisk(s)
(e.g. 42022-\*\*) this indicates that the requirement is applicable to
all variants.

H. Mandatory Life Limitations
-----------------------------

The components and assemblies subject to Mandatory Life Limitations
are now contained in the Airworthiness Limitations Document Reference
No. CJE-HPA-C-GEN-AW1667.

Abbreviations, Terms And Definitions
====================================

All significant terms and abbreviations used within the Schedule are
defined below or, in the absence of formal definitions; those quoted
in the World Airlines Technical Operations Glossary are used.

+--------------------+--------------------+
|AMM                 |Aircraft Maintenance|
|                    |Manual.             |
+--------------------+--------------------+
|B/Chk               |Bench check.        |
+--------------------+--------------------+
|CMM                 |Component           |
|                    |Maintenance Manual. |
+--------------------+--------------------+
|DTD                 |Directorate of      |
|                    |Technical           |
|                    |Development (UK)    |
|                    |specification.      |
+--------------------+--------------------+
|ICAO                |International Civil |
|                    |Aviation            |
|                    |Organization.       |
+--------------------+--------------------+
|ISB                 |Inspection Service  |
|                    |Bulletin.           |
+--------------------+--------------------+
|LMM                 |Light Maintenance   |
|                    |Manual.             |
+--------------------+--------------------+
|MM                  |Maintenance Manual. |
+--------------------+--------------------+
|MIL                 |Military (ICAO and  |
|                    |US) specification.  |
+--------------------+--------------------+
|NDT                 |Non-destructive     |
|                    |Test.               |
+--------------------+--------------------+
|O/H                 |Overhaul.           |
+--------------------+--------------------+
|Repl.               |Replace.            |
+--------------------+--------------------+
|SB                  |Service Bulletin.   |
+--------------------+--------------------+
|AD                  |Airworthiness       |
|                    |Directive           |
+--------------------+--------------------+
|CAAT                |Civil Aviation      |
|                    |Authority Of        |
|                    |Thailand            |
+--------------------+--------------------+
|DCA                 |Department Of Civil |
|                    |Aviation            |
+--------------------+--------------------+

Additional Requirements Introduced By Revision Action
=====================================================

Unless otherwise directed by the relevant Letter of Transmittal, or
Service Bulletin action, additional requirements introduced into the
Schedule need not be added into an airplanes existing cycle of
maintenance until the next period at which the requirement becomes
due.

Samples Of Flexible Maintenance Charts.
=======================================

A. Chart 1 (Figure 1, Sheets 1 and 2)
-------------------------------------

This chart shows conventional servicing when ALL of the Inspection
requirements are done at one time, e.g.

* Inspection B (B1 to B12 inclusive) done at 800 Hour, 1600 Hour, 2400
  Hour Etc.

* Inspection C (C1 to C12 inclusive) done at 1600 Hour, 3200 Hour,
  4800 Hour Etc.

* Inspection D (D1 to D12 inclusive) done at 3200 Hour, 6400 Hour,
  9600 Hour Etc.

* Inspection E (E1 to E12 inclusive) done at 12 Months, 24 Months, 36
  months, 48 Months Etc.

* Inspection F (F1 to F12 inclusive) done at 24 Months, 48 Months Etc.


B. Chart 2 (Figure 2, Sheets 1, 2, 3, and 4)
--------------------------------------------

This chart shows one suggested flexible method of staggering the
sub-inspections.

.. image:: /images/AMP/Flexible_Maintenance_Chart_by_Hour.png
           :scale: 60%
           :alt: Flexible_Maintenance_Chart_by_Hour
           :align: center

Figure 1: Sheet 1--Flexible Maintenance Chart by Hour

.. image:: /images/AMP/Flexible_Maintenance_Chart_by_Month.png
           :scale: 60%
           :alt: Flexible_Maintenance_Chart_by_Month
           :align: center

Figure 1: Sheet 2--Flexible Maintenance Chart by Month

.. image:: /images/AMP/Flexible_Servicing_by_Hour_Sheet1.png
           :scale: 60%
           :alt: Flexible_Servicing_by_Hour_Sheet1
           :align: center

Figure 2: Sheet 1--Felxible Servicing by Hour

.. image:: /images/AMP/Felxible_Servicing_by_Hour_Sheet2.png
           :scale: 60%
           :alt: Felxible_Servicing_by_Hour_Sheet2
           :align: center

Figure 2: Sheet 2--Felxible Servicing by Hour

.. image:: /images/AMP/Felxible_Servicing_by_Month_Sheet3.png
           :scale: 60%
           :alt: Felxible Servicing by Month
           :align: center

Figure 2: Sheet 3--Felxible Servicing by Month

.. image:: /images/AMP/Flexible_Servicing_by_Month_Sheet4.png
           :scale: 60%
           :alt: Felxible_Servicing_by_Month_Sheet4
           :align: center

Figure 2: Sheet 4--Felxible Servicing by Month

.. image:: /images/AMP/ATA_Task_Code_1.png
           :scale: 60%
           :alt: ATA_Task_Code_1
           :align: center

Figure 3: ATA Task Codes (1)

.. image:: /images/AMP/ATA_Task_Code_2.png
           :scale: 60%
           :alt: ATA_Task_Code_2
           :align: center

Figure 3: ATA Task Codes (2)
